Add Q&A video to contribute.md file (#466)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/Contribute.md

---
# Contributing to the AlmaLinux project

AlmaLinux OS development, infrastructure management, and overall project promotion are organized using our community chat. There are many ways to contribute to AlmaLinux OS - testing, quality assurance, documentation, and more. We'd love to welcome you! To help get you started, here is a Q&A video on the subject:

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WCERQ4E_gl8?si=cvADVpcWnmt_Criy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WCERQ4E_gl8?si=cvADVpcWnmt_Criy" title="How do I get involved in the AlmaLinux Project? - Q&A with Jonathan Wright, Infra Team Lead" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```

Reviewer: this is great! I just noticed we should add the title to the embed, too. Other than that, it's perfect.
